0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

- Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is the longest word in the English language.
It is the base to define the LENGTH of dictionary words, in this case, 45 chars

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

- getrusage() returns resource usage measures for who, which can be one of the following:

RUSAGE_SELF
      Return resource usage statistics for the calling process, which is the sum of resources
      used by all threads in the process.

RUSAGE_CHILDREN
      Return resource usage statistics for all children of the calling process that have ter‐
      minated  and  been  waited  for.   These  statistics will include the resources used by
      grandchildren, and further removed descendants, if all of the  intervening  descendants
      waited on their terminated children.

RUSAGE_THREAD (since Linux 2.6.26)
      Return resource usage statistics for the calling thread.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

- There are 16 members

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?

- The getrusage function expects a pointer as the struct rusage argument, therefore, we need to pass hte value by reference, and not by value

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file.
    In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.

- Main expects to receive the name of the file via command line, as argument vector 2 or 1, depending on the argument count.
Then it creates a variable of type file that points hold the data returned by fopen function, if there is no data, the program stops.
If there is data, it goes into looping thru each char on the file pointer, AKA fp, until it´s not the end of the file.
If the char is alphabetic, the char is stored on a string ( array ) named word, then the word will be checked against the words on the dictionary.

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time?
    Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?

- It allows to parse each char to check if is alphabetic, and if not, we can remove that char, for example, a comma.
It also makes it easier to control memory leaks, by avoid to store a string bigger than the memory that we allocated for it.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

- It sets the variable as read-only, which protects the value from being changed